Update overview.md (#102195)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/kubernetes/overview.md

Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes supports the following scenarios for connected clusters:

> * Single pane of glass to view all the [Connect Kubernetes](quickstart-connect-cluster.md) running outside of Azure for inventory, grouping, and tagging, along with Azure kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Single pane of glass to view all [connected Kubernetes clusters](quickstart-connect-cluster.md) running outside of Azure for inventory, grouping, and tagging, along with Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) clusters.
```

* Deploy applications and apply configuration using [GitOps-based configuration management](tutorial-use-gitops-connected-cluster.md).

* View and monitor your clusters using [Azure Monitor for containers](../../azure-monitor/containers/container-insights-enable-arc-enabled-clusters.md?toc=/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/toc.json).

* Enforce threat protection using [Microsoft Defender for Kubernetes](../../defender-for-cloud/defender-for-kubernetes-azure-arc.md?toc=/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/toc.json).

> * Ensure governance through applying policies [Azure Policy for Kubernetes](../../governance/policy/concepts/policy-for-kubernetes.md?toc=/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/toc.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure governance through applying policies with [Azure Policy for Kubernetes](../../governance/policy/concepts/policy-for-kubernetes.md?toc=/azure/azure-arc/kubernetes/toc.json).
```
